you
My dear Frodo you asked me once if I had
told you everything there was to know
about my adventures well i can honestly
say i have told you the truth i may not
have told you all of it Bilbo Baggins
I'm looking for someone to share in an
adventure I can't you still running off
into the blue I'm a Baggins right of
bagging film Oh allow me to introduce
fili TV or in doing darling Balin bifur
Bofur Bombur Dori nori Ori and the
leader of our company Thorin Oakenshield
the Misty Mountains cold to dungeons
deep and caverns old
the pines World War II Oh
blow winds where our morning
was it flames
the trees like torture
layers
I cannot guarantee his safety understood
nor will I be responsible for his fate
you have a tear or two to tell when you
come back it will promise that I will
come back no and if you do you will not
be discern
my name is Bilbo Baggins battles which
is our balances